No blood relationship
Jiang Caicai is not Du Dong's mother
Fortunately, I found out about the town seat
Paternity test news
Pay the doctor in advance to falsify the report
Otherwise, what happened back then will be exposed
Ginger cabbage today?
You're in luck
Assistant Sun, you can go back now
OK
Uh, bye-bye.
Thank you. Bye.
I was wrong.
The woman 5 years ago was Jiang Xue
Jiang Xue is Doudou Mommy
Why are you so depressed?
No miss jiang
Should we go home now?
I was going to live here for a month
But didn't I join Story Group?
I'm going home soon.
Is Doudou happy these two days?
Happy Peas
Let's go home today, okay?
Can't you be with mommy when you go home?
Mommy has time
Will see you
No, I want to be with mommy all the time
This Doudou's feelings for Jiang cuisine
It's much more than Jiang Xue
Jiang Xue, although you are Doudou's biological mommy
But you're not qualified as a mommy
In order to give Doudou a happy childhood
I can only find him a new mommy